# AuthRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**IdData** | **string** | Vendor-specific JSON representation of the device identity data (MACs, serial numbers, etc.). | 
**Pubkey** | **string** | The device&#39;s public key (PEM encoding), generated by the device or pre-provisioned by the vendor. Currently supported public algorithms are: RSA, Ed25519 and ECDSA P-256.  | 
**TenantToken** | Pointer to **string** | Tenant token. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewAuthRequest

`func NewAuthRequest(idData string, pubkey string, ) *AuthRequest`

NewAuthRequest instantiates a new AuthRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAuthRequestWithDefaults

`func NewAuthRequestWithDefaults() *AuthRequest`

NewAuthRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new AuthRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetIdData

`func (o *AuthRequest) GetIdData() string`

GetIdData returns the IdData field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdDataOk

`func (o *AuthRequest) GetIdDataOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdDataOk returns a tuple with the IdData field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdData

`func (o *AuthRequest) SetIdData(v string)`

SetIdData sets IdData field to given value.


### GetPubkey

`func (o *AuthRequest) GetPubkey() string`

GetPubkey returns the Pubkey field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPubkeyOk

`func (o *AuthRequest) GetPubkeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPubkeyOk returns a tuple with the Pubkey field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPubkey

`func (o *AuthRequest) SetPubkey(v string)`

SetPubkey sets Pubkey field to given value.


### GetTenantToken

`func (o *AuthRequest) GetTenantToken() string`

GetTenantToken returns the TenantToken field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTenantTokenOk

`func (o *AuthRequest) GetTenantTokenOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTenantTokenOk returns a tuple with the TenantToken field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTenantToken

`func (o *AuthRequest) SetTenantToken(v string)`

SetTenantToken sets TenantToken field to given value.

### HasTenantToken

`func (o *AuthRequest) HasTenantToken() bool`

HasTenantToken returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


