# Event

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | A unique event identifier generated by the Mender server | [optional] 
**Type** | Pointer to **string** | Type of the event | [optional] 
**DeliveryStatuses** | Pointer to [**[]EventDeliveryStatusesInner**](EventDeliveryStatusesInner.md) |  | [optional] 
**Time** | Pointer to **time.Time** | Creation timestamp | [optional] 
**Data** | Pointer to [**DeviceAuthEvent**](DeviceAuthEvent.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewEvent

`func NewEvent() *Event`

NewEvent instantiates a new Event object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewEventWithDefaults

`func NewEventWithDefaults() *Event`

NewEventWithDefaults instantiates a new Event object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *Event) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *Event) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *Event) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *Event) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetType

`func (o *Event) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *Event) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *Event) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.

### HasType

`func (o *Event) HasType() bool`

HasType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetDeliveryStatuses

`func (o *Event) GetDeliveryStatuses() []EventDeliveryStatusesInner`

GetDeliveryStatuses returns the DeliveryStatuses field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeliveryStatusesOk

`func (o *Event) GetDeliveryStatusesOk() (*[]EventDeliveryStatusesInner, bool)`

GetDeliveryStatusesOk returns a tuple with the DeliveryStatuses field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeliveryStatuses

`func (o *Event) SetDeliveryStatuses(v []EventDeliveryStatusesInner)`

SetDeliveryStatuses sets DeliveryStatuses field to given value.

### HasDeliveryStatuses

`func (o *Event) HasDeliveryStatuses() bool`

HasDeliveryStatuses returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTime

`func (o *Event) GetTime() time.Time`

GetTime returns the Time field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTimeOk

`func (o *Event) GetTimeOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetTimeOk returns a tuple with the Time field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTime

`func (o *Event) SetTime(v time.Time)`

SetTime sets Time field to given value.

### HasTime

`func (o *Event) HasTime() bool`

HasTime returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetData

`func (o *Event) GetData() DeviceAuthEvent`

GetData returns the Data field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDataOk

`func (o *Event) GetDataOk() (*DeviceAuthEvent, bool)`

GetDataOk returns a tuple with the Data field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetData

`func (o *Event) SetData(v DeviceAuthEvent)`

SetData sets Data field to given value.

### HasData

`func (o *Event) HasData() bool`

HasData returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


