# Integration

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | A unique integration identifier generated by the mender server | [optional] 
**Provider** | **string** |  | 
**Credentials** | [**Credentials**](Credentials.md) |  | 
**Description** | Pointer to **string** | A short human readable description (max 1024 characters). | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewIntegration

`func NewIntegration(provider string, credentials Credentials, ) *Integration`

NewIntegration instantiates a new Integration object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewIntegrationWithDefaults

`func NewIntegrationWithDefaults() *Integration`

NewIntegrationWithDefaults instantiates a new Integration object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *Integration) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *Integration) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *Integration) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *Integration) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetProvider

`func (o *Integration) GetProvider() string`

GetProvider returns the Provider field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProviderOk

`func (o *Integration) GetProviderOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProviderOk returns a tuple with the Provider field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProvider

`func (o *Integration) SetProvider(v string)`

SetProvider sets Provider field to given value.


### GetCredentials

`func (o *Integration) GetCredentials() Credentials`

GetCredentials returns the Credentials field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCredentialsOk

`func (o *Integration) GetCredentialsOk() (*Credentials, bool)`

GetCredentialsOk returns a tuple with the Credentials field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCredentials

`func (o *Integration) SetCredentials(v Credentials)`

SetCredentials sets Credentials field to given value.


### GetDescription

`func (o *Integration) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *Integration) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *Integration) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *Integration) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


