# PreAuthSet

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Force** | Pointer to **bool** | Indicates that despite the device having any authsets the preauthorization should proceed. | [optional] 
**IdentityData** | [**IdentityData**](IdentityData.md) |  | 
**Pubkey** | **string** | The device&#39;s public key (PEM encoding), generated by the device or pre-provisioned by the vendor. Currently supported public algorithms are: RSA, Ed25519 and ECDSA P-256. | 

## Methods

### NewPreAuthSet

`func NewPreAuthSet(identityData IdentityData, pubkey string, ) *PreAuthSet`

NewPreAuthSet instantiates a new PreAuthSet object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPreAuthSetWithDefaults

`func NewPreAuthSetWithDefaults() *PreAuthSet`

NewPreAuthSetWithDefaults instantiates a new PreAuthSet object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetForce

`func (o *PreAuthSet) GetForce() bool`

GetForce returns the Force field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetForceOk

`func (o *PreAuthSet) GetForceOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetForceOk returns a tuple with the Force field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetForce

`func (o *PreAuthSet) SetForce(v bool)`

SetForce sets Force field to given value.

### HasForce

`func (o *PreAuthSet) HasForce() bool`

HasForce returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetIdentityData

`func (o *PreAuthSet) GetIdentityData() IdentityData`

GetIdentityData returns the IdentityData field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdentityDataOk

`func (o *PreAuthSet) GetIdentityDataOk() (*IdentityData, bool)`

GetIdentityDataOk returns a tuple with the IdentityData field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdentityData

`func (o *PreAuthSet) SetIdentityData(v IdentityData)`

SetIdentityData sets IdentityData field to given value.


### GetPubkey

`func (o *PreAuthSet) GetPubkey() string`

GetPubkey returns the Pubkey field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPubkeyOk

`func (o *PreAuthSet) GetPubkeyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPubkeyOk returns a tuple with the Pubkey field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPubkey

`func (o *PreAuthSet) SetPubkey(v string)`

SetPubkey sets Pubkey field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


